## CloudSim core simulation framework

### `CloudSim`
- This is the main class, which is responsible for managing event queues and controlling step-by-step (sequential) execution of simulation events. 
- `Future queue`
  - Every event that is generated by CloudSim entity at runtime is stored into the queue. 
- `Deferred queue`
  - The events that are scheduled at each step of the simulation are removed from the future events queue and transferred to the deferred event queue. 
- `Event processing`
  - An event processing method is invoked for each entity which chooses events from the deferred event queue and transforms appropriate actions. Such an organization allows flexible management of simulatin and provides flexible management of simulation and provides the following powerful capabilities
    - Deactivation (holding) of entities
    - Context switching of entities between different states (e.g., waiting to active). Pausing and resuming the process of simulation. 
    - Creation of new entities at runtime.
    - Aborting and restarting simulation at run-time.
    

### `Deferred Queue`
- This class implements the deferred event queue used by CloudSim.

### `Future Queue`
- This class implements the future eventqueue accessed by CloudSim.

### `CloudInformationService`
- A CIS is an entity that provides resource registration, indexing, and discovering capabilities. 
- CIS supports two basic primitives
  - `publish()`, which allows entities to register themselves with CIS
  - `search()`, which allows entities such as CloudCoordinator and Brokers in discovering status and endpoint contact address of other entities. 
- This entity also notifiers the (others?) entities about the end of simulation.

### `SimEntity`
- This is an abstract class, which represents a simulation entity that is able to send message to other entities and process received messages as well as fire and handle events. 
- All entities must entend this class and override its three core methods
  - `startEntity()`: entity initialization.
  - `processEvent()`: processing of events.
  - `shutdownEntity()`: entity destruction.
- SimEntity provides the ability to schedule new events and send messages to other entities, where network delay is calculated according to BRITE model. Once crated, entities automatically register with CIS.

### `CloudSimTags`
- This class contains various static event/command tags that indicate the type of action that needs to be undertaken by CloudSim entities when they receive or send events. 

### `SimEvent`
- This entity reprsents a simulation event that is passed between two or more entities. 
- SimEvent stores the following information about an event
  - `type`
  - `init time`, time at which the event should occur
  - `finish time`, time at which the event should be delivered to its destination entity
  - `IDs` of the sources and destination entities,
  - `tags` of the event
  - `data` that have to be passed to the destination entity
  
### `CloudSimShutDown`
- This is an entity that waits for the termination of all end-user and broker entities, and then signals the end of simulation to CIS.

### `Predicate`
- Predictaes are used for selecting events from the deferred queue.
- This ia an abstract class and must be extended to create a new predicate.

  ### `PredicateAny`
  - This class represents a predicate that matches any event on the deferred event queue. 
  - There is a publicly accessible instance of this predicae in the CloudSim class, called `CloundSim.SIM_ANY`, and hence no new instances need to be created.
  
  ### `PredicateFrom`
  - This class represents a predicate that selects events fired by specific entities.
  
  ### `PredicateNone`
  - This represents a predicate that does not match any event on the deferred event queue. There is a publicly accessible statis instance of this predicate in the CloudSim class, called `CloudSim.SIM_NONE`; hence, the users are not needed to create new instances of this class.
  
  ### `PredicateNotFrom`
  - This class represetns a predicate that selects events that have not beeen sent to specific entities.
  
  ### `PredicateNotType`
  - This class represents a predicate to select events that do not match specific tags.





### Reference
- CloudSim: a toolkit for modeling and simulation of cloud computing environments and evaluation of resource provisioning algorithms
